AI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNJEvAGiw7w&list=PL4G2bSPE_8ukuajpXPlAE47Yez7EAyKMu

Create a Third person template.
Create AI folder
Create a new character (Name in AI Enemy)
Open it add skeleton mesh (Maniquen)
Add animation BP
Create a new AIController (From blueprint class)
Create Behaviiour Tree and BlackBoard
Select AI controller in enemy character defaults
In AI Enemy character begin play add BP runbehaviour tree
Open Behaviour Tree (it is a decision making tree)
Drag from root and pick selector and then sequence and another sequence
	Selector selects  and sequence play in sequence
	Explain numbers
Drag enemy into level.
Drag in nav mesh bound volume in to scene(scale and hit p to show)
Back to Behaviour tree.
Create new task
In BlackBoard create a new key of type Vector and name it ActorLocation
create Execute event and finish execute 
Create new variable of type BlackboardKeySelector Name it Vector.
Set Variable to be public
Rename the task to a logical name 
Compile and the character should run to Random locations in the level.
To avoid snap roation of the character do the following 
	In class defaults - Uncheck "Use Controller Rotation Yaw"
	In CharacterMovement - Check "Orient Rotation to Movement" 
	
We can rename the Sequence to "Go to Random Location"

Create another sequence Chase Player.
Create new Task.
Add Event Receive Execute AI and Finish Execute
Create a variable of type blackboard key selector
Set the variable as before in the task Fig05
Rename the task in content browser 
Add the task in Behaviour Tree under new sequence Fig06
To decide if the enemy has found the player we need a boolean (to switch between 2 sequences)
For that create a boolean Blackboard "CanSeePlayer"
Now we will give the sequences a decorator. (which decides if we want to go to the sequence)
Rightclick on "Go to Random Loc" sequence and go to Add Decorator and select Blackboard.
	A blue decorator will appear on the sequence 
Select it and in details panel change Key Query to "is not set" and Blackboard Key to "can see player"
	Basically it says if blackboard key "can see player" is not set, only then do the sequence.
We can rename the decorator.
Add snother decorator on the other sequence and set the opposit to the cant see decorator. Fig07
Now we need to set the boolean
For that go to AIController and add a component AIPerception
Select the AIPerception and
Add a senses config
Change category to AI Sight Config
Open it and check all in Detections by affiliation Fig08
Now go to Player Character and add "AIPerceptionStimuliSource" component.
Go to its details and check auto register as source
Add array element
and select AISense_Sight in array element Fig09
Now Go to AIPlayerController and select AIPerception and right click and search "OnTargetPerceptionUpdate" then add the following BPs 
Fig10



